# Data-Visualisation-Developer-Challenge
For the developer challenge, I created 3 different visualizations for data listing courses at Dartmouth (Dartmouth - Courses) using an online JavaScript notebook on Observable. The link to each observable notebook is provided within the folder for each visualization. 
My first visualization is a bar chart race. You can download my JavaScript code from the file (BarChartRace.js) in the Bar Chart Race folder. Clicking the obserable link brings you to my JavaScript notebook. The bar chart race animation will appear, but make sure to run the JavaScript code to see the accurate data and timestamps racing. This race shows Dartmouth department's median GPA points over 4 terms and two years. If a department has a higher median that term, they are brough to the top of the bar chart race. If their median drops, they drop in the bar chart race. 
My second visualization is a grouped bar chart. My code is in the file (GroupedBarChart.js) in the Grouped Bar Chart folder. Clicking the observable link brings you to my JavaScript notebook. Run the JavaScript code, and the grouped bar chart should appear. This chart compares the departments with the top 10 lowest medians, specified by term. It plots median GPA points vs. departments, coloring the bars by term (specified in the legend). 
My third visualization is a multi-line chart. You can download my JavaScript code from the file (MultiLineChart.js) in the MultiLine Chart folder. Clicking the observable link brings you to a JavaScript notebook. If you run this code, you should see a multi-line chart appear which maps the "popularity" (enrollments) of different Dartmouth departments over the four terms (Summer, Fall, Winter, and Spring). The chart plots total department enrollments vs. term, and the different lines represent different departments. Hover over a line, and you can see the specific department name. There is also the option "Show voronoi" which will show the voronoi overlay on top of the multi-line chart if enabled. 
